她重新回到了这座已成废墟的城市，开始了下一次在废墟当中的寻找。
She returned to the ruined city again, beginning her next search in the ruin.
不过不同的是，这一次她知道，这不再是为那个大祭司而寻找，而是为了自己而寻找。
But what was different this time, what she knew this time, is that she was not search for that High Priest, but for herself.

和光不一样，她执着地记着她能记住的所有东西。她记着与光的第一次相遇，她记着与光在这个世界的游历。
Different from Hikari, she insisted on remembering everything she could remember. She remembered the first meet with Hikari. She remembered her travels in the world with Hikari.
可能真是命运使然，从残片中，她似乎只能看到痛苦与悲伤的回忆。快乐的回忆也有，不过只是一星半点。但她知道残片中快乐光明的存在，因为光能看见。
Maybe it was really fate. From fragments, she seemed to see only painful and sad memories. There were happy memories, but just a little. But she knew there was happiness and light in fragments, because Hikari could see them.
光似乎只能看到快乐与光明的回忆。光的天真有时真的能令她发笑，但也令她羡慕。“她那个时候，真的是一个有趣且善良的人……”她在废墟上踱步，喃喃自语。
It seemed that Hikari could see happiness and light memory <b>only</b>. The innocence of Hikari could really make her laugh sometimes, but it also made her admire. "She were a very interesting and kind girl, that time......" She paced the ruins and muttered to herself.
多亏了光，她能够看到残片中的快乐的闪光，让她看到这世界不是永恒的黑暗——虽然自己可能就是走在黑暗中的人，她隐隐知道。她也指点着光，让光也明白这世界不是一片纯白，也有着阴影。
Thanked to Hikari, she could see the flashlight in fragments, she could know that this world was not eternal darkness---Although she might be the one walking in the dark, she vaguely knew.
如果就这么下去……现在会是什么样呢？或许光将成为光明之神，而她自己则掌管着黑暗，就像现在的大祭司一样统领着一座城市？
If it goes on like this... What will it be like now? Maybe Hikari will be the god of light, and herself will in charge of darkness, commanding a city just like the High Priest now?
但到了面前的这片废墟时，所有的如果都碎裂了。
But when they arrived at this ruins, all "if" had broken.
她的记忆终止于此。
Her memory ended at here.

这座废墟肯定经历了什么，然而她自己想不起来。她的记忆终止于此，而光则在这里抛弃了之前全部的自我。
The ruins must have experienced something, but she couldn't remember it herself. Her memory ended at here, and here Hikari had abandoned all her previous self.
从此之后，光变成了大祭司，从残片中获取了无穷神力。而自己则成为了恶魔的代表，在光芒下永世不得翻身。
Since then, Hikari became the High Priest, gaining endless power from fragments. Herself, though, became the representative of the devil, never be able to have something under the ray of light.
这不是一场公平的斗争，“这不是一场公平的斗争！”她对着废墟怒吼，然而回应的甚至没有回声。
It was not a fair fight. "It was not a fair fight!" She roared at the ruins, but there was no even echo.
从此之后，她的世界里再无光明，有的只有无穷无尽的轮回与失败。
After that, there was no light anymore in her world. What was in her world is endless cycles and failure.

那么在这里到底发生了什么？她继续在这片废墟寻找。她已经找到了光所抛弃的记忆，那自己的呢？
So, what happened here at that time? She continued searching in this ruins. She had already found the memory that Hikari abandoned, so where was hers?
她最后所能记住的，是光“无法承受”，是每一个轮回都这样吗？还是在第一个轮回的光抛弃自我后，之后的光就永远只是大祭司了？
What she could remember, was that Hikari "couldn't bear". Did that happened every cycle? Or after the Abandonment of Hikari in the first cycle, she was the High Priest forever?
那么在这里到底发生了什么？这里到底是什么？自己和光在这里，到底经历了什么？
So, what happened here? What is the thing here? Hikari and her, experienced what at here?
她不记得，所以她继续寻找。
She couldn't remember, so she continued finding.

这一次，为自己寻找。
This time, find for herself.