如果你说这是海，抱歉，"这肯定不是我们这边的海"。
If you said, this is sea, then sorry, "This must be not the sea in our worlds."
但，它的确是海，按照纯白之城里书籍的说法，"这里确实储存着大量的水"。
But, it did a sea. As the book in the Pure White City said, "There is really a lot of water stored here."
"嘿，拉倒吧，要是这玩意真的能喝，我回去后当着大伙的面把一整桶饮用水都给喝了。"一个队员打趣道，他的话也确实表达了整支小分队的疑惑。
"Hey, forget it. If this thing could drink, I will drink a whole bucket of drinking water in front of everyone." A member made a joke. His jokes did express the doubts of the whole team.
"不过既然我们成功摸到了海边，想必我们离目的地也不远了，但时候不早了，你们是想在这里安营扎寨，还是进一步向目标进发？"队长显然是希望整支分队一鼓作气冲向终点。
"But since we have been at the sea, we must be not far away from our destination. But it's going dark. You want to camp here or further towards the goal?" Obviously, the leader wanted the later answer.
"还是安营扎寨吧，我们不知道目标是在海里面还是在海边，晚上黑布隆冬的沿着海岸线走鬼知道会出现什么事呢。"
"Camp here. We don't know whether it's at the seaside or in the sea. Who knows what could happen if we walk along the coastline in total darkness."

在海岸边，几顶简单但专业的帐篷立了起来，篝火微弱的火光给整个营地带来温暖。
A couple of simple but professional tents had been set up along the seaside. The faint light of the campfire brought warmth to the whole camp.
现在夜已深，大多数队员已经沉沉睡去，只留下照管篝火的人坐在篝火旁以及闲的没事干的随队科学家拿着手电筒在营地附近转悠。
Now it was deep night. Most team members were asleep, except those who took care of the campfire and the team scientist wandering with a flashlight in his hand.
"……好的，这个也要记下来，'海岸上存在着大量由残片构成的贝壳，可以肯定的是……'"
"......Fine, this should be recorded, too. 'There are a large number of shells composed of fragments on the coast. It can be confirmed that......'"
科学家顿了一顿。
The scientist stopped for a while.
"'……这片海岸在尽力模仿一个具有平均知识的人关于海岸的印象。'，OK，这样写差不多了。"他收起了自己的圆珠笔，准备回到不远处的营地休息——在看篝火的队员发现他擅自离开太远之前。
"'......this coast is trying to imitate the impression of a person with average knowledge of the coast', OK, that's fine." He put back his ball pen and prepare to return to the camp not far away to rest---Before the campfire watchers found him leaving too far without permission.
月光照耀在他的笔记本上，散发出淡蓝色的底色。
The moonlight shone on his notebook, emitting a light blue background.

但是，"等一下，这不是月光"。
But, "Wait, it's not moonlight."
科学家的直觉永远是准确的，他瞥见远处隐隐约约有一座很高的建筑物——可能是塔，但也说不准。
Scientists' intuition was always accurate. He glimpsed a tall building in the distance---Maybe a tower, maybe not.
而在那栋建筑物的顶端，正有蓝色和紫色的光芒汇聚。
And on the top of that building, blue and purple lights were converging.
那些光芒的穿透力如此之强，以至于科学家一开始以为是月光。
The penetration of those lights was so strong that scientists thought it was moonlight at first.

他快步冲回营地，对着看篝火的队员说：
He rushed back to the camp and said to the team member watching the campfire:
"快把队长喊醒，我想我知道我们目的地的位置了！"
"Wake the leader up! I think I know where's the destination!"