小舟在海面上行驶，队员们都在奋力划桨。
The boat was sailing on the sea, and the team members were rowing hard.
天刚蒙蒙亮，但是那座塔已经清晰可见了。
It was just about to dawn, but that tower was clear to see.
"能见度良好，天气晴朗，没有雾，"队长观察着天气，"这意味着好消息与坏消息，好消息是我们必然能够顺利到达目的地，坏消息是目的地比我预期的要远一点。"
"Nice view, sunny day, no fog." The leader observed the weather, "Means good news and bad news. Good news is that we can reach the destination no matter what. Bad news is that it's a little further than we expected."
"没事的队长，"科学家鼓劲——打趣——道，"今个儿早上队员们个个都铆足了劲，这点被低估的距离根本算不上什么，大不了我们可以轮流划桨嘛，总能到的。"
"No problem, leader." The scientist encouraged---by making a joke, "Today all of our members are motivated, this underestimated distance is nothing at all. We can take turns rowing, and we'll arrive."

太阳刚刚舒展开身姿，全体小队便已经登上灯塔所在的小岛。
When the sun began his rising, the whole team had landed the small land which the tower standed.
"按照我们之前预定的计划来，α组打头阵，ζ组负责殿后，保护科学家，其他小队按名称顺序依次登塔。"队长下了最后的部署，整个小队都在等待这一刻。
"As we planned before. Group α, you take the lead. Group ζ, you bring up the rear, protect the scientist. Other groups, climb the tower in the order of names." The leader made the final arrangement. The whole team was waiting for this moment.
脚步声在塔内响起，先是稀碎的声响，然后变成杂乱的鼓声，在塔内反射出荡气回肠的旋律。
Footsteps sounded in the tower, first a thin sound, and then turned into a messy drum-like sound, reflecting a soul stirring melody in the tower.
不多时，头阵已登顶。
Not a long time, the first team had reached the top.
"报告队长，α组已登顶，塔顶无威胁，发现两人，未死亡但无意识。"对讲机里传来汇报。
"Report, group α has reached the top. No threat on the top. Two people are found, not dead but unconscious." A report came from the walkie talkie.
"收到，干的漂亮，我们马上登顶。"队长回复道。
"Roger, nice job. We'll reach the top soon." Replied the leader.
"另外，队长，"组长补充道，"塔顶空间有限，并且没有护栏，不建议让所有弟兄同时站在塔顶上。"
"And, leader," The group leader added, "Space of tower top is limited, and there's no fence. I suggest all of our bros should not stand on the top."
"收到，我会安排的。"
"Roger, I'll arrange it."

等到科学家登上塔顶的时候，天已大亮，首先闯入他眼帘的便是头阵提到的"两人"——一对双胞胎姐妹。
When the scientist reached the top, it's already broad daylight. What in his eyes were the "two people" group α had mentioned---A pair of twin sisters.
她们躺倒在塔顶，呼吸均匀，"按我说的话就是睡着了，没准什么时候会醒过来。"
They lied on the top of the tower, breathing evenly. "In my words, they are asleep, and maybe they will wake up."
"哦？科学家，难道你认为她们很快就会醒过来吗？"队长问道。
"Oh? Scientist, do you think they will wake up soon?" The leader asked.
"难说，可能需要给她们打几针……把她们运回咱们营地应该没什么问题吧？"科学家试探性的提出了一个建议。
"Hard to say. They may need to be injected......There should be no problem to carry them back to our camp, huh?" The scientist tentatively put forward a suggestion.
"你忘了昨晚看到的光芒了吗？没准和她们有关。"队长摇了摇头，"万一她们又起什么反应，把整个营地炸了你能负责吗？"
"Have you forgotten the lights you saw yesterday? Maybe it's related to them." The leader shaked his head, "If they make some more reaction and blow up the whole camp, could you be responsible?"
"……可是这里站不下那么多人啊，也不是个好地方。"
"......But the space here is limited. Not a good place too."
"这倒也是。"
"Hmm, fair."

俩姐妹被安置在距离营地较远的一个单独的帐篷里，由专门的小组负责。
The two sisters were placed in a separate tent far from the camp and were headed by a special group.
"光芒接近地面的时候就被虚化了……但可以肯定，光芒是一种能量，汇聚进她们的体内……"科学家坐在安置她们的帐篷外，仍然在孜孜不倦地记录着。
"When the light approaches the ground, it is blured......But it's sure that the light is a kind of energy, gathered in their bodies......" The scientist sat outside the tent placing them, still recording.
"蓝色的光与紫色的光导向姐妹中不同二人，其中蓝色光直接来自天空，而紫色的光大体来自于月亮，或者月光……"
"The blue light and the purple light point to each of the two sisters. The blue light comes from the sky directly, while the purple light comes from the moon, or kind of moonlight."
帐篷内传出一点动静。
There was a sound in the tent.
科学家赶忙钻进帐篷里查看发生了什么。
The scientist hurried into the tent to see what had happened.

"……地平线……碎裂……"喃喃的梦呓。
"......Horizon......broken......" A dreaming murmur.
"嗯？"科学家试探性的回应了一声。
"En?" The scientist responded tentatively.
"……不管发生什么……握紧我的手……"另一声梦呓。
"......Hold my hand......no matter what......" Another dreaming murmur.