仅仅是证明轮回的存在是不够的，对细节了解的越多，对世界的探究就越深刻。
It was not enough to just prove the existence of cycles. The more you knew about details, the more you would know about the world.
科学家已经厌烦了她们喋喋不休地讲她们在音乐会上演奏的记忆，在房间打牌的记忆，在沙滩游泳的记忆。情感，情感一点<b>屁</b>用都没有，他只想知道事实，只想知道真相，只想知道更多的知识。
The scientist had already been tired of their chattering about their memories of playing at concerts, their memories of playing cards in rooms, their memories of swimming on the beach. Emotion? Emotion had no such a <b>damn</b> usage. He just wanted to knew the fact, just wanted to knew the truth, just wanted to knew more knowledge.

"……但是还有一些记忆……它们似乎很奇怪……"那名身着淡蓝色服装的双胞胎姐姐这么说道。
"......But there are some memories......They seems strange......" The twin sister in light-blue suit said.
"哦？哪里奇怪了？"科学家已经是一肚子闷气了，但还是忍着装出一副很有兴趣的样子。
"Oh? Why it's strage?" The scientist was already sulking, but still pretended to be very intrested.
"……这段记忆……明明主人公就是我和她……但是从现在，我们这个视角来看，这段记忆就像是植入在我们脑海中的一样，似乎不是'我们'自己的经历……"
"......In these memories......Although the protagonist is me and my sister......But from now, from our sights, these memories seem to be implanted in our minds. They seems not to be 'our' own experience......"
"没事，说说看吧。"这下科学家是真的来了兴趣了。
"It's okay. Let's talk about it." Now the scientist was really intrested.

"在那段记忆里，我和露娜，都是一个城市的神祗，主管星辰与月亮的力量。"她缓缓描述着，语气中略有僵硬，"在这个城市里，夜晚是我们的舞台。
"In those memories. Luna and me were two gods of a city, in charge of the power of the stars and the moon." She described it slowly, with a slight stiffness in her tone, "In that city, the night was our stage. 
"我们时不时给城市的居民降下福祉，而也受到城市居民们的爱戴，就如同其他神祗那样……我们，或者说这段记忆中的'我们'，是认得这个世界其他的神祗的，但是我们现在全然记不起来我们认得谁，他们代表着什么……
"We brought blessedness to the residents of the city from time to time, and we were also esteemed by city residents, just liked other gods......We, or I mean the 'we' in the memories, recognized other gods in the world, but we can't remember who we recognized now, can't remember what they represent......
"然后有一天，一颗红色的彗星经过了城市，我们——'我们'——拦下了它，导致了城市的紊乱，居民们对'我们'很失望，将我们封印了起来。"
"And one day, a red comet past our city. We---'We'---stopped it, and it led to chaos in the city. The residents were very disappointed to us, so they sealed us."
她说罢叹了口气。"记忆终结于此，与我们其他的经历格格不入。"
She signed slightly. "Memories end at here. They don't fit in with our other experiences."

"你提到了……红彗星？"科学家问道，"在那段记忆里，你认为那是噩兆吗？"
"You mentioned......the red comet?" The scientist asked, "Do you think it was a bad omen in those memories?"
"至少就'我们'的立场，是这样的，我们也不知道它代表着什么……"她低下了头。
"At least as far as 'we' stand, it was true. We don't know what it stands for......" She bowed her head.

这个动作被科学家看在眼里，一个人是不可能对不是自己的经历表达<i>愧疚</i>之情的。显然，要么发生了什么让她们认为这不是她们的记忆，要么她在撒谎。
This action was seen by the scientist. A person will not <i>be shame</i> for what he didn't experience. Obviously, either something happened that made them think it was not their memory, or she was lying.
并且，她可不是唯一一个看到红彗星的人。
And, she was not the only one who saw the red comet.

正当科学家准备接着问下去的时候，一名传令兵闯了进来：
As the scientist was about to ask, a messenger broke in:
"队长叫你集合，纯白之城那边出事了！"
"Capital calls you to assemble. Something happened at the Pure White City!"